have an ace in the hole / have an ace up one's sleeve: have a secret knowledge or advantage to be used when the time is right.

get one's act together: to rouse oneself to become more active or efficient

a piece/slice of the action: involvement or participation in some lucrative or beneficial activity initiated by someone else.

actions speak louder than words: actions are more powerful or have a greater impact than just talking; said to encourage sb to put an idea into action.

be/put out of action: of a machine or service to not be working; to be inoperative or out of order; of a person to be injured or unfit for duty.

not know sb from Adam: to not know sb at all; to not have met them or not know anything about them.

be afraid of one's shadow: to easily startled or frightened; to be paranoid about trifles.

be (just) one thing after another: said when problems arise continuously or in close succession.

a hidden agenda: a secret design or plan.

be/talk (a lot of) hot air: nonsense; a wild claim or untrue statement.

be in the air: the feeling or idea that st new is about to happen or is going to change.

up in the air: when a decision about a project of future plan has not yet been made.

vanish in the air: to disappear completely and unexpectedly.

be (still) alive and kicking: to still be around and active, when it seemed that s/he had gone into decline or disappeared.

a gray area: a situation which is vague or difficult to define

be up in arms: to be extremely angry about st; to stage protests with st;

give sb the axe: to dismiss sb; to fire sb; to lay sb off;

back to square one: when st is not going right and has to be started from the beginning again;

have one's back to the wall: to be concerned; to be in a difficult or threatening situation;

like the back of one's hand: said of st one knows very well;

turn one's back on sb: to ignore and deprecate sb;

a bad egg: sb who has no moral principles and should be avoided;

a mixed bag: a collection of different types or qualities